.TH "CONNECTAGRAM" "6" "April 2021" "Games"
.P
.SH "NAME"
.P
connectagram \- anagram game
.P
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.P
\fBconnectagram\fP [options]
.P
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.P
Connectagram is a word unscrambling game. The board consists of several
scrambled words that are joined together. You can choose the length of
the words, the amount of words, and the pattern that the words are arranged
in. The game provides a hint option for times when you are stuck, and
features an online word lookup that fetches the definitions of each word
from Wiktionary. Your current progress is automatically saved.
.P
.SH "OPTIONS"
.P
.TP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP
Displays help on commandline options.
.TP
\fB\-\-help-all\fP
Displays help including Qt specific options.
.TP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-version\fP
Displays version information.
.P
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.P
\fBqt5options\fP(7)
.P
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
.P
Report bugs to <connectagram@bugs.gottcode.org>.
.P
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
.P
Copyright \(co 2009\-2021 Graeme Gott
.P
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.P
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.P
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.P
.SH "AUTHOR"
.P
Graeme Gott <graeme@gottcode.org>.
